1
The basic concepts of collaboration include
A. appreciating conflict productively
B. sharing knowledge
C. sharing decision making
D. all of the above
2
Which of the following skills is not beneficial working in virtual countries across organizational boundaries
A. planning more time for virtual meetings
B. getting to know the other colleagues to establish relationship
C. preparing with a constructive structure during meetings
D. avoiding diaries to record the whereabouts of virtual colleagues 
3
Which of the following is considered the final major component during virtual team meetings?
A. team agreement
B. team summary
C. team vision
D. team purpose
4
One of the reasons that causes relationship failure at work when you
A. negotiate effectively
B. understand the relationship appropriately
C. distrust
D. are confident about the objectives of both the parties
5
Red zone environment produces red zone behavior' - which of the following characteristics is observed in Red zone behavior?
A. they are friendly and cordial
B. they are highly conflicted and internally competitive
C. they are empathetic and externally competitive
D. they are understanding and adversarial
6
According to the psychologist Robin Dunbar what is the natural limit to a group size where everybody knows everybody else?
A. 50 - 100
B. 100 - 110
C. 150 - 160
D. 200 - 250
7
All of the following can reduce your defensiveness except:
A. create your personalized early warning system
B. get some feedback from your friends
C. create an action step and practice it
D. withdraw into deadly silence
8
A virtual team is a collection of people who are _________________ separated but still __________________ together closely.
A. physically; think
B. temporally; work
C. geographically; decide
D. geographically; work
9
Which of the following methodologies is the first step that results into a disciplined collaboration?
A. diagnose barriers to collaboration in your particular setting and offer some rules for how to do that
B. allow management intervention
C. get defensive
D. overshoot potential
10
The acronym RAPID describes the various roles and responsibilities for clear decision making within an organization. 'RAPID' stands for
A. recommend, agree perform input and decide
B. response and preparedness in disasters
C. records and processes improvement design
D. responsibility analyze professional and demonstration
11
Which of the following  conflict styles is 'whatever you say, I am always willing to help'
A. avoiders
B. accommodators
C. compromisers
D. competitors
12
All of the following are common barriers to collaboration except:
A. defensiveness
B. acceptance of opinion as facts
C. unproductive behaviors
D. change of negative self - talk
13
Effective collaboration skills technique help team members
A. think 'conflict' as merely the discovery of different points of view
B. get up on their feet and focus on the issue
C. maximize personal issues
D. a & b
14
In multinational companies 'Trust' consists of four elements. Which of the following defines them?
A. integrity caring capability and result
B. integrity, attribution, compromise and result
C. caring dominance, reluctance and result
D. capability, avoidance , decisive and result
15
Jane is always resistant in the meeting. She is unwilling to express her opinion. Which of following organizational forms of conflict Jane is demonstrating?
A. overbearing participant
B. dominant participant
C. reluctant participant
D. digressive participant
16
Tribal identities are important to
A. generate a sense of uncertainty
B. restructure and reorganize operating model
C. creates a sense of loss
D. look out for each other
17
When we get defensive we
A. become tolerant
B. fear about our own significance and competence
C. talk softly
D. feel valued
18
__________is really important to good collaboration
A. recurring argument
B. diagnosing relationships
C. formalized communication
D. suspicion
19
A generous act can stimulate the sense of community amongst all our working colleagues. An example of' Giving gift' to the community could be 
A. provide adequate information to do their jobs properly
B. help them when they are struggling for resources
C. give them attention and listen to their needs
D. all of the above
20
Which of the following is the role of a chairman in a virtual meeting ?
A. promoting comment
B. running through the agenda
C. closing the meeting in time in spite of technical issues
D. none of the above
21
Which of the following is not a basic principle to being good collaboration?
A. be optimistic
B. be generous
C. be forgiving
D. be biased
22
The most important actions virtual teams can undertake is to create a team operating agreement; it considers:
A. geographic time
B. technology
C. cultural differences that impact the operational effectiveness
D. all of the above
23
Collaboration skills provoke _______
A. dialogue
B. monologue
C. soliloquy
D. speech
24
According to the speaker Andrew Campbell, successful collaboration is a function of
A. willingness and skill set
B. tribal identity
C. behavioral aspects
D. technology and decisions
25
Pulling a positive lever through  'Scare Model' we ensure that
A. our colleagues are being treated equally
B. our colleagues' status is under risk
C. our colleagues lose control over the things
D. none of the above
26
We feel threatened in a working relationship when  
A. we are rewarded
B. we are uncertain about what is going to happen
C. we have a sense of equity
D. we feel comfortable in a relationship
